Update README.md (#173)
rankanizer/polkadart: README.md

| Events                 |   🔴    |
| Errors                 |   🔴    |
| SmartContracts         |   🔴    |

## **License**

> This repository is licensed under [Apache 2.0 license](https://github.com/LimeChain/as-scale-codec/blob/master/LICENSE)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is licensed under [Apache 2.0 license](https://github.com/rankanizer/polkadart/blob/main/LICENSE)
```
